Now that we understand that, we need to worry about this whole domain issue inside of get initial props.
We need to figure out whether we are inside the browser or the server when we're trying to make a request
in there so that we can adjust the domain accordingly.
So how are we going to do that?
Well, it turns out that nexus used to have a really convenient function that we could use to figure
out very easily whether we are in a browser or server environment.
However, that little function was removed recently, so instead we have to rely upon a really kind
of silly fallback.
As you can tell, I'm a little bit sorry that that function was removed out of next JS, but that's
life.
So instead of getting initial props again, we have to decide whether we are on the server or the browser.
To do so, we're going to write out if type of window equals equals equals undefined.
Window is an object that only exists inside the browser.
The window object does not exist inside of a Node.js environment.
So if the window variable is undefined inside of well, this code that is being executed somewhere,
that must mean we are on the server.
And so any requests that we make inside of get initial props requests should be made to HTTP.
And then that whole really long URL something like what was it, ingress and ingress, dot or dash,
engine x, blah, blah blah.
All that other stuff.
We can then add on an LS case.
So if window is defined.
Then that means we are on the browser.
And requests can be made.
To.
HTTP or really we can we can say can be made with a base URL of just empty string.
And again, we'll rely upon the browser to put on the base domain or the base URL for us.
So that's it.
That's how we're going to decide whether we are on the server or the client.
So now that we've established this quick pause right here, come back the next video and we're going
to finally, finally make our request.